Add basic auth API auth backend (#10356)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/security/api.rst

          -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
          -H 'Cache-Control: no-cache' \
          -H "Authorization: Bearer ${ID_TOKEN}"

Basic authentication
''''''''''''''''''''

`Basic username password authentication <https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7617
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basic_access_authentication>`_ is currently
supported for the API. This works for users created through LDAP login or

> within Airflow DB using password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
within Airflow Metadata DB using password.
```

To enable basic authentication, set the following in the configuration:

.. code-block:: ini

    [api]
    auth_backend = airflow.api.auth.backend.basic_auth

Username and password needs to be base64 encoded and send through the
``Authorization`` HTTP header in the following format:

.. code-block:: text

    Authorization: Basic Base64(username:password)

> This conversation was marked as resolved by houqp
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: lol, good catch, the worst copy paste error ever.

Here is a sample curl command you can use to validate the setup:

.. code-block:: bash

    ENDPOINT_URL="http://locahost:8080/"
    curl -X GET  \
        --user "username:password" \
        "${ENDPOINT_URL}/api/v1/pools"

> Note, you can still enable this setting to allow API access through username
> password credential even though Airflow web is using other authentication
> method. Under this setup, only users created through LDAP or ``airflow users
> create`` command will be able to pass the API authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, you can still enable this setting to allow API access through username
password credential even though Airflow Webserver might be using another authentication
method. Under this setup, only users created through LDAP or ``airflow users
create`` command will be able to pass the API authentication.
```
